Weekly progress: 

Week 1:
  1. I finished using Bootstrap to make my home page look good and created the template for what my pages will look like (they need to be coded in JS with React). I also am watching a course on React to learn how to use it. 
  2. Goals: Finish up the course, and get started on making the necessary functions
  3. February 15th:  Finish up with the React rendering components. February 29th: Connect my site with the Fast F1 API so that data is returned correctly and make my site functional. After that, work on XPerience stuff
  4. PluralSight, VSCode

Week 2: 
  1. I have finished watching my React course. Currently learning how to use Hooks and Routers so my site can be a single-page application. 
  2. Goals: Start creating the Navigation component of my app with JSX. Will watch YouTube videos to see how exactly I need to route these.

Week 3:
  1. Built the "carousel" component of the main page - this is the slideshow with pictures that points to each page. I have also added the text box that has "my story" and quote.
  2. Start building the results page with the drop down menu. I will have to learn how to connect to the API, which will take some time. 

Week 4: 
  1. Finished making the standings page. This is complete with the jumbotron, text, etc. 
  2. Will make the results page next. Within the next 2 weeks, I will figure out how to connect with the API (haven't made progress on this yet). This will make it easier to create the dropdown which hasn't been made yet. 

Week 5:
  1. Finished with the two secondary pages. Learning how to call from an API
  2. Started on the API + React course, so I will continue that. Figure out how to make the routing work. 

Week 6:
  1. Learned how to call from API, created a loading effect while it loads, all driver standing pages work
  2. Goals: Make the results page and work out how to make tabs on the standings page

Week 7: 
  1. Finished the results page, it pulls from API and everything works
  2. Work on constructor standings, figure out how to get 2 API calls and make the tabs work. 
